Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? Say greetings and ask my favorite color

Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. i pressed enter and it gave me the directory of the program

What do you think the program did with what you typed? just got rid of it



Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. its going to print out whatever my input is

What do you think the color = input() will do? sets the varaible color to whatever i input

Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected? yup



Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. it has a condition for the input being exactly equal to "Red"

What is happening on lines 11–14? if statement for if the input is "Red" 

Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? They only happen if the statement is true

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? if you dont capitalize "Red" then it wont recognize it as the correct answer. 

What does this tell you about "color"? that variables are case sensitive



Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. It is similar to main3.py, except it allows "red" or "Red" 

What problem is this trying to solve? allowing both "red" and "Red"

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)? it wont work



Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? not check for case sensitive

What problem is it trying to solve? case sensitivity 

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)? it wont work with spaces, but will work with different capitalizations



Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? it has a "strip" function that probably gets rid of spaces?

What would you guess .strip() is doing?  getting rid of spaces

Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic? doing something like #red will, of course break it. 



Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? it allows a different answer of "pink" to give a new answer

What is the purpose of line 11? it is automatically stripping the varaible before printing it

Run the program and answer the question.



Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? it's runs everything under it as long as the answer is not red

Why are lines 12–19 indented? they only happen when the while statement is true

Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 

Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.



Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? it loops until color == red

What is the purpose of “count”? count is a variable that keeps count of how many guesses have been made. 

What is happening on line 22? the program is printing the variable count and formatting it

Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit? nope